<h2 id="news" style="margin: 20px 0px 10px;">News</h2>

<li><strong>[Nov. 2024]</strong> <a href="https://sites.mit.edu/rte25chi/">Research through Evaluation (RtE) </a> Workshop is live! Welcome to submit! 
<li><strong>[Oct. 2024]</strong> I will give two research talks: one at <a href="https://www.csail.mit.edu/event/objective-approaches-subjective-medical-world"> MIT ML Tea Seminar</a> on October 21st, 4-5 pm EST in Room G882, Hewlett Room; and another at <a href="https://gioele.science/">Prof. Gioele Zardini's</a> lab on October 17th, 11am-12pm EST in 32-D677. Let me know if you'd like the Zoom link! (I promise the two talks will cover different topics—one on AI-based healthcare systems and the other on data collection automation in the wild. Can you guess which is which?)</li>
<li><strong>[Sep. 2024]</strong> I am proud to share that our latest paper working with the Mayo Clinic Radiation Oncology department patient-portal messaging paper is on arXiv: <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.18290"> 
Retrospective Comparative Analysis of Prostate Cancer In-Basket Messages: Responses from Closed-Domain LLM vs. Clinical Teams</a>. This study introduces a novel and rigorous approach to comparing messages generated by LLMs with those from clinical care teams. The results are (expected to be) surprising—check out the paper to find out more!</li>
<li><strong>[Sep. 2024]</strong> I am honored to receive the <a href="https://women-in-tech.org/north-america-celebrates-women-in-tech-at-regional-awards-ceremony/">North America Women in Tech Most Disruptive Award powered by Amazon </a>.</li>
  
<details>
  <summary>Show More</summary>
<li><strong>[Aug. 2024]</strong> I’ve been nominated by Cornell University for the 2024 Apple Scholars in AI/ML PhD Fellowship! Only three Ph.D. students were nominated across the entire university. Nomination seals the validation :)))))</li>
<li><strong>[Aug. 2024]</strong> Our AIoT-based Hug System received first place in the <a href="https://yuexinghao.github.io/Yuexing-Hao/assets/files/IETC_YH_24.pdf"> IEEE Student Engineering Team Challenge 2024 </a> and won $400 with my colleague Dr. Ryan Ries. </li>
<li><strong>[June. 2024]</strong> My two poster papers are accepted at ACM CSCW 2024' <a href="https://cscw.acm.org/2024/"> Computer-Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing </a> at San José, Costa Rica.</li>
<li><strong>[June. 2024]</strong> I will present my thesis at the <a href="https://chilconference.org/index.html"> Conference on Health, Inference, and Learning (CHIL) </a> doctoral consortium on June 28th at Cornell Tech, NYC.</li>
<li><strong>[June. 2024]</strong> I am honored to be selected for the IvyPlus Exchange Scholar program and to receive a full fellowship to join MIT's Laboratory for Information & Decision Systems (LIDS). In Fall 2024, I will be working with <a href="https://healthyml.org/">Dr. Marzyeh Ghassemi's Healthy ML Group </a> in Boston.</li>
<li><strong>[May. 2024]</strong> I am excited to become a program committee (a.k.a. registration co-chair) for <a href="https://facctconference.org/2024/committees"> ACM Conference on Fairness, Accountability, and Transparency (FAccT) </a> 2024 at Brazil.</li>
<li><strong>[May. 2024]</strong> I will orally present at the 12th International Shared Decision Making Conference on my thesis research "i-SDM: A Patient-Centered AI Clinical Shared Decision-Making System for Older Adult Cancer Patients".</li>
<li><strong>[May. 2024]</strong> I will be interning as an AI Research Scientist at Mayo Clinic from May to August 2024, focusing on Shared Decision-Making with LLM to enhance patient-centered health outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>[Feb. 2024]</strong> I will present our AAAI poster paper in Vancouver Convention Center. Our booth number is 626. Welcome to talk with me!</li>
<li><strong>[Dec. 2023]</strong> I will talk at Google Computer Science Research Mentorship Program (CSRMP) about 'Explain and Enhance: Patient-Centered Learning With LLM from the Public Online Cancer Forum.'</li>
<li><strong>[Nov. 2023]</strong> I will talk at Stanford HCI group about 'AI in Healthcare for Community-Dwelling Older Adults.' <a href= "https://youtu.be/0BF63qKealI">Recording</a></li>
<li><strong>[Nov. 2023]</strong> I am super excited to be selected as the <a href="https://onereach.ai/academic-fellowship/">2023-24 OneReach.ai Academic Fellow</a>, with my proposal 'Explain and Enhance: Patient-Centered Learning With LLM from the Public Online Cancer Forum.' </li>
  <li><strong>[Feb. 2024]</strong> Our poster paper "Digital Twin-Driven Teat Localization and Shape Identification for Dairy Cow" has been accepted to AAAI 24' student poster program, with amazing coauthors Aarushi, Yuting, Tiancheng, Dr. Matthias Wieland, Dr. Parminder Basran, and Dr. Ken Birman!</li>
  <li><strong>[Feb. 2024]</strong> I will become a keynote speaker at 2024 Greg Smith Palliative Care Summit, Hyde Park, NY, discussing 'Advancing Palliative Care with AI.' #AIinHealthcare.</li>
  <li><strong>[Oct. 2023]</strong> Our poster paper about shared decision-making (SDM) for aging populations in chronic disease is accepted to CSCW 2023.</li>
  <li><strong>[Sep. 2023]</strong> I was accepted to 2023 Google CSRMP Fellow :))) Excited about this opportunity!  </li>
  <li><strong>[Aug. 2023]</strong> Our department graduate student association received $2500 service funding for Fall 2023!</li>
  <li><strong>[Jun. 2023]</strong> I was accepted to 2023 WHO/Cochrane/Cornell University Summer Institute and received fellowship from Human Centered Design Department ($1500).</li>
  <li><strong>[Apr. 2023]</strong> I received fundings from Cornell Institute for Healthy Futures (CIHF) Research Grant ($500) and will be in Mexico City for EDRA 2023!</li>
</details>
